Hi,

I made this repository as part of a research project into BCI applications (both contributers are my accounts), 
in wanting to make a headset that can be worn by many.
The first step is to ID the user, and there are many more steps that I have worked on.
This code runs the first step, although one or many of a few things are needed to make feasible 
- more Data per person (resolution and/or time), and 
- stronger AI (better algorithm and/or more powerful computer).

I have followed you, but I can't seem to find "messages" on GitHub, or "issues" on this repo.

The calculation that resulted from this experiment showed a number of results.
- One is approx. 2037 until the powerful-enough computers.
  I also have un-published algorithmic improvements.

- The other results are also un-published showing how much data would be needed.

- The other results are also un-published showing how capable it is for use by 1 person (as opposed to 'many').


I have a patent written up by my Lawyer for the step after this step.

Step 1 is the only major road-block computationally / research wise to significant marketing of these devices.
Step 2 is patent-protectable.
Step 3 is currently being researched by other organizations, such as Melon and Neurosky. 
  Although, another patent-protectable device can be used to rush the technology to market.
Step 4 includes Linux Tails.


The other major road-block to this project is funding, 
  however, that can be achieved with an ICO iff we had a team.
    I am working full-time to save up for the start-up funding,
      and continue to work on the remaining pieces of the puzzle, 
        as well as preparing for Quantum Computing.
    however a team is still needed when that start-up funding arrives.
    I am also developing 2 websites to source funding.
  if you would like to be a part of that team, please get back to me.

I will not sell-out to a Shark / Investor / Venture Capital / Open-Source Principles.

I have, also un-published, a proof for Supreme Artificial General Intelligence, 
  and a corollary proof for the extinction of the human race.
    Thus, there is a corollary proof to that proof showing the need for a Hierarchy-of-Privacy (non-open source).

The reason for a lack of publication is for reasons of National Security as discussed with Australian National Security.

Be wary, there is a solution to preventing the extinction of humanity, 
  but I can't disclose that without putting all countries at risk.

You can waive this off as a "crazy internet stranger",
  however, I'd be willing to discuss the proofs with you and perhaps Xiang Zhang et. al 
    and others if we can come to a non-disclosure agreement and organization-structure.

donkeycon@protonmail.com
jack.mclovin@outlook.com
Jack Don McLovin on LinkedIn
